Key words:
experience 
challenges
exploration 
zen focus - how you would like the player to feel 
competion 
goal 
play style 
imagination 
experiment


Target Demographic: 

Gender:Male and Female
why?
by using male and females we have a larger audience to experiment our two emotions, monachopsis and onism. 
we want to use the two emotions Monachopsis and onism on males and females to make them connect with our character's feelings.
we want them to feel alone, out of place , sadness and anger with the frustration of being stuck in just one 
body. 

Age:16-30 
why?
 we chose 16-30 because - our age range, we are surrounded by people the same age so we could learn what the players
would want in a game. This also makes it easier to find play testers.

How will we make the game suitable for 16-30 year olds?

 game is quite dark , not suitable for under 16, contains 
 pegi : fear and violence. 
disturbing imagery. Like limbo. 


Achievers and Explorers:
why?
their preferred actions within the game / world - achiever+ explorers / Acting - achievers / Interacting - explorers 

 Achievers : "points", levels, equipment and other concrete measurements of succeeding in a game. complete 100% - people want to
complete this.

Explorers: discovering areas, creating maps and learning about hidden places. players feel restricted when a game expects them to
 move on within a certain time.

how?
our players will ba able to explore each level .... puzzles ....
will be able to collect memories and equipment.... 
Discover areas ,Learning about hidden powers and hidden rooms.
No time limit. 


Player Rewards:
- risk rewards 
- Higher the risk , Higher the reward , Lower the risk Lower reward. For example; If the player can simply find a key and unlock the castle 
door without risk of a guard seeing, the player will only be given a small reward (Health Heart). If the player can Unlock the castle doors and get through 
quickly and undetected with a lot of guards around the player will be given a large reward ( Diary pieces , Health , A new lesson on how to use the body 
controlling power) - could be a faster way to do things , teaching the player the mechanics not telling them. 

- Health Hearts- if a player gets harmed they can use health as a reward.
-Keys - for the doors to open , players get a feeling of achievment. 
- Memory pages from our characters book. - proceed in gameplay + narrative. also our goal.
Over time, piece together narrative - Ghost who has forgotten who she is, the memory pieces are from her diary of her past life.
Lost ghost wanting to know who she is and why she has died. 


- 